Added update milestone step to release checklist (#9233)
eclipse-theia/theia: doc/Publishing.md

To successfully complete a `yarn upgrade`, one must:
- perform `yarn upgrade` at the root of the repository.
- fix any compilation errors, typing issues, and failing tests that may be introduced.

### Update Milestones

* Close current release [milestone](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/milestones).

> * Create next two milestones, in the case they are not already exsting. Date is last Thursday of the month. Exceptions, e.g. on Christmas are to be considered.

Reviewer: I would still omit the specific example, or make it generic:

```suggestion
* Create the next two milestones in the case they do not already exist. Generally, the release is performed on the last Thursday of the month, but there may be exceptions (bug fix release, holidays, etc.)
```

Author: like it, done
